hey guys today I have an unboxing of the
instant black folding ipod speakers I
got these on Amazon for actually about
two dollars and thirty cents so I'm not
really expecting much let's see what we
have here so there's no tape it came and
just assigned an amazon package let's
see what we get here we get USB cable
speaker's themselves and instruction
booklet everything yeah it's not very
thick okay so then let's crank this guy
open these are um I actually wanted
small speakers that were cheap I didn't
want to pay hundred dollars because
actually have nice Harman Kardon
speakers for my computer um but yeah
we'll see so basically I think that
comes off like that these fold down um
that goes there okay that's them and
then your ipod fits right in here now
admittedly i have an ipod touch which
means that I'm second generation which
means unfortunately since the audio jack
is down here um I can't put it normally
like that so I manfully actually I'm
gonna have to use it upside down but um
oh well what can you do so anyway that's
the way the speaker for but the audio
jack is actually built in which is kind
of cool that's right here so what you do
is you take it out like that wow this
thing here let's just plug in the audio
jack okay and then plug in the power
let's plug it the power
just plugs in the standard USB USB to
point out now what you're gonna want to
do is click on the on switch and it
should go on see that works okay and
cross your fingers okay it's not working
so let's see what we can do
ok so I'm back it turns out the USB
cable didn't work but i scrounged up
three triple A batteries and it seems to
work fine so I can give you a quick test
of sound quality don't get hit by
copyright do you see they work fine um
see how we do let's check that off um we
can even a the base is actually really
cool on these because you can actually
feel the bass going and so all in all
although the USB cable doesn't work very
well I'm quite happy with the purchase
personally um two dollar speakers which
what can you complain this is actually
my second pair of them because the first
one the USB cable was a was actually
afraid right here you could see the wire
and it was just dangerous so I actually
wrote that as a review and then lo and
behold couple days later amazon got to
back to me without even me even actually
telling them anything and they
thankfully they even sent me a new pair
I didn't even have to send the old the
old broken speakers so in turn although
um I wouldn't necessarily recommend this
it's fine enough for me and does its
thing